a couple of months ago I released a
video with my friend and Former
Intelligence officer David grush hey man
hey who blew the cover on a covert
multi-decade long UFO crash retrieval
and reverse engineering program being
funded by American Tax pair dollars
we're done with the cover up and we're
going to get to the bottom of it Dad
gmit grush isn't just some random guy
he's an Afghanistan combat veteran a
former 14-year senior Intel officer with
top secret compartmentalized clearance
he handled presidential daily briefings
he's extremely polymathic and he's very
well regarded by almost all of his
former colleagues I am for
real finally and perhaps most
importantly he's not alone he's brought
40 people who have handled exotic UFO
material firsthand to the intelligence
community's Inspector General this made
you realize that we are not alone I knew
it before I I didn't need this and he
testified about his findings under oath
in front of Congress this summer so a
lie here would completely tank his
career and get him a lot of jail time
either you're going to jail which I
don't think you are based on my you know
getting to know you as a friend over the
last two years that's just not the not
the vibe I get in my assessment of you
we're facing an inflection point in
history no more than 10 to 20 million
kills
tops as more prosaic political forces
are sleepwalking us into World War II
and the Middle East has turned into a
Tinder Box I've often asked myself about
whether UFOs should be taking up space
in anybody's heads you know what the
most common type of alien is
light but when I have those thoughts I
go back to my fundamental belief that
these flying objects are just a sliver
of a larger bizarre yet magical
worldview they represent a revolution in
our everyday belief perceptions and
epistemology not just some technology
that deep black Aerospace can try to
reverse engineer and so if UFOs have
implications for science religion
technology history and maybe even the
nature of humanity studying them could
just be the Hail Mary we need for the
resource constrained multi-polar nuclear
World we're in there's something
profoundly important going on here that
is authentic and real while I was
overwhelmed by the public response to my
documentary with grush the mainstream
media coverage has been pathetic to put
it very generously the one big Outlet to
cover our documentary was the Washington
Post they clearly didn't watch the video
they contended with none of the
substantive points we made and instead
dismissed us as intellectual frat guys
hey so I've decided to summarize the
most important points from our
documentary and do a little handholding
for them all right explain this to me
like I'm a 2-year-old okay because
there's an element to this thing I just
cannot get through my thick
head number one why do UFO consistently
show up around nuclear sites UFOs and
nukes is a book by Robert Hastings who
is the son of a special weapons officer
at Malmstrom nuclear base in Montana
Hastings worked there as a janitor in
high school in the 60s one night an FAA
supervisor casually mentioned to him
that he was tracking five unknowns on
his Scopes and called young Hastings
over to his desk to check them out thus
began a lifelong journey for Hastings
interviewing 100 167 US military sources
former or retired ICBM launch officers
missile maintenance security and radar
operators given the nature of their jobs
monitoring our nuclear sites they have
to be the epitome of mental health well
now the missileers you know they're on
what they call PRP personal reliability
program like they have to like report if
they're like you know taking ibuprofen
for God's sakes because you know they're
a key Turner for nuclear weapons and no
one applies for that line of work to be
famous the book book is 580 pages and
it's incredibly dry and hard-headed read
it and then tell me you think UFOs are
just a
scop number two nuclear secrecy as a
trojan horse for UFO secrecy not only is
there a nuclear connection from UAP
activity there's a nuclear Connection in
terms of US Government equities and how
they' protected the program through
nuclear Provisions in our documentary
grush shows that the language of the
1954 atomic energy act which defines
which materials are subject to nuclear
secrecy was written in a sneaky but
deliberate way to protect our UFO
secrets too so it's kind of a sneaky way
no it is if you actually read the atomic
energy act if something is not a nuke
but it has radiological energy coming
off it you know Alpha Beta Decay
whatever same secrecy same secrecy
legendary UFO researcher jacqu Valle
also says that the department of energy
in the Manhattan Project clearance
system is the most applicable to UFOs
not the clearances that roll up to the
Executive Branch the Manhattan Project
would have custody of it and then it
would go into the atomic energy
commission and then it would go into the
department of energy which has its own
line of clearances and that's why I
can't find among the people I know who
have clearances Above Top secet they've
never heard of this yeah they've never
heard of this because you can be in the
Pentagon with the top secret clearance
but if you're not briefed on the atomic
secrets you wouldn't get the clearances
that you needed to do to open up that
thing this would make sense as a lot of
UFO appearances and likely most of the
crashes seem to take place around
nuclear sites grush even told me in a
car ride in DC that the Manhattan
Project was basically the original UFO
program Manhattan Project they were kind
of the first Blue Book you know they
were getting UFO reports back in the day
there are some people I'm uh colleagues
with that like their grandparents were
actually you know the UFO report people
on the Manhattan Project so just How
Deeply intertwined are UFO secrets with
the atomic
programs number three were past public
facing UFO debunkers just Atomic
insiders who were involved in UFO
reverse engineering programs all along
one of oppenheimer's close friends and
colleagues was a Quantum physicist named
Edward Condon Condon did more damage to
the public perception of UFO's
mid-century than maybe any other
academic scientist Condon and
Oppenheimer go way back they studied
together under Max Bourne at gonin in
the 20s Condon then helped pick Los
Alamos as the location for the Manhattan
Project even writing the Los Alamos
primer a document that all employees had
to read upon arrival after leaving the
Manhattan Project Condon even helped
draft the McMahon Atomic secrecy Act of
46 which was the atomic energy Act of 54
as predecessor so clearly the guy was
clued into Atomic Secrets again the
atomic energy Act of 54 is what grush is
saying governs UFO secrets so clearly
Condon was an atomic Insider and if the
atomic programs had anything to do with
UFOs he probably knew a thing or two
about UFOs as well now the public facing
story is that Condon clashed with
General Leslie Groves over just how
extreme the atomic Secret he was at the
start of the Manhattan Project in the
50s Conan then loses his clearance like
Oppenheimer over communist sympathies he
then goes on to work on civilian science
Outreach initiatives then randomly he
pops back up in 1966 and his clearance
is mysteriously restored he's then
placed on a panel which deals a death
blow to UFO research claiming it's all a
waste of time and money why would an
open-minded scientist committed to
civilian Outreach be so dogmatically
opposed to UFOs well maybe he was
blackmailed you see while being
investigated for communist sympathies in
the ' 50s a dossier of field reports was
being created on him in the background
by an FBI field agent named guy hoddle
hoddle is now famous for his 1952 hoddle
memo the most read document on the FBI's
website it describes an Air Force
officer writing to hoddle about a
crashed UFO with an alien crew inside of
it so hle definitely knew about UFOs was
he just building blackmail on Conan and
forcing him into becoming a UFO debunker
remember Condon wrote the McMahon
secrecy Act of 1946 which basically went
on to govern UFO secrecy if you believe
David grush the McMahon Act of 46 which
was the predecessor to the atomic energy
Act of 1954 the guys that were involved
in Manhattan were overlaying the same
ecosystem of secrecy and some of the
same ways to protect stuff that they
were protecting our nuclear secrets
number four who is townzen brown this
mysterious anti-gravity inventor has
traditionally been dismissed by
mainstream scientists and academics as a
kooky amateur that never got anywhere he
built these gravitator that look a lot
like flying saucers and a lot of his
work was likely classified by the Navy
but in 1942 the Navy fires him without
cause and mysteriously he shows up at
Martin Vega Corporation a year before
skunkworks is formed skunkworks was
created to House locked Martin's most
secret Advanced aircraft projects and
notably their response to gush's
testimony was pretty telling they said
questions about uaps are best answered
by the federal government that's not a
Flatout rejection of the premise that
they might have UFOs in their possession
but back to towns and brown detractors
say that he's associated with crazy
things like the Philadelphia Experiment
a clearly bogus disinfo campaign that
involves teleporting a ship with the
crew inside from Philadelphia to a port
in Norfolk Virginia but through an
amazing biography of towns and brown
called the man who mastered Gravity by
Paul shatkin we find out that brown
intentionally created a lot of
disinformation about his work to protect
it he showed people his fluid dialectric
system that used ionic wind instead of
the solid dialectric gravitator we now
even know that the B2 stealth bomber
uses Brown's Electric gravitics so we do
have evidence that towns and Brown's
work did make it into deep black
Aerospace he wasn't just a failed hack
and lest you might be thinking okay so
he built some anti-gravity Tech and
that's just the UFOs we're seeing now
nothing otherworldly just Brown's
inventions he talked constantly behind
closed doors and with family members
about UFOs he even formed the national
investigations committee on aerial
phenomena or nikat for short the first
civilian UFO study
group number five what was going on at
Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio
it's where the Roswell crash materials
were reportedly taken it becomes an
anti-gravity Research Center in the '
50s and when civilian politicians would
inquire about it they'd consistently get
shut down I called Curtis lame and I
said General uh I know we have a room at
Wright Patterson where you put all this
secret
stuff can I go in there I've never heard
him get mad but he got mad in hell at me
cussed me out said don't ever ask me
that
question number six did UFOs have
anything to do with JFK's death in 2006
a document was supposedly released under
the Freedom of Information Act showing
JFK asking for more information on
unknowns in space and it was written to
CIA director John mcon the letter is
dated November 12th
1963 just 10 days before JFK's death is
this document real can somebody please
verify or falsify it another CIA
operative a guy named e Howard hunt also
claimed that JFK's death had to do
partially with his inquiries into
UFOs okay that's the list now have at it
or maybe Congress can get its act
together long enough to just get Dave
gush's clearance back so we can get him
into a skiff and he can give them all
the information they need on UFOs we
were denied access to the skiff skiff SK
SK skiff James Bond stuff you leave your
phone you're fit B the final thing I'll
say is just in response to all of the
very smart people out there that think
that this is just a scop if this was all
just a scop you'd think we'd have one
just one leaked document talking about
fully faking UFO threats or fabricating
UFOs in their entirety you do have
letters like the one by CIA director
Walter B Smith in
1953 saying that we should use the
phenomena for psychological warfare
against the Soviets you have similar
leaked letters from Alan Dulles but in
all of these cases these high-ranking
members of intelligence are saying let's
use this real phenomena that exists for
our own geopolitical purposes they're
not saying let's just wholesale
fabricate the existence of these things
but please it would be awesome if
anybody found a document that provides
any evidence about some Grand UFO
conspiracy I'd personally love it I
could move to Hawaii surf all day and
stop making these
videos as the great Carl Sean said
extraordinary claims require
extraordinary evidence but I actually
think that's completely misapplied to
the UFO question we have tons of
open-source evidence aerial sightings
from average people fighter pilots
nuclear security politicians and
Military on both sides of the aisle so
instead I'll say when extraordinary
evidence is provided extraordinary
investigation is required and right now
the investigation on UFOs is downright
[Music]
embarrassing
all